And as we've always done, we talk about the alternatives.
Obviously, if you go with a Platform as a Service like Heroku,
it's fully managed, your DevOps responsibilities are virtually nil,
but it tends to cost a lot of money at scale,
whereas if you go to the other extreme, managing your own infrastructure,
what you don't get is this orchestration software.
So like when you do an EB deploy,
like there's no management software that's going to take
some of your instances out of the fleet,
update them, put them back in, and do those changes for you.
So,
there's lots of other open source software in Amazon tools
that you can use to accomplish this,
but that is essentially the value that Elastic Beanstalk provides is
that even though it is kind of a pain to set up,
once it is set up, the orchestration that you get is actually pretty strong.
There's just generally if --- the more control you have over the infrastructure,
the more DevOps you're going to have to do.
And really what this comes down to is resources, right?
Like if operating your service at scale is more expensive
than the time you might spend on DevOps,
then that's the time when you're going to want to probably manage
your infrastructure versus if time is more precious than the ---
time is more expensive than the amount of money you would spend
on server infrastructure,
then going with something like a pass is probably a wiser choice.
And Elastic Beanstalk is kind of in the middle.
It's the gateway between something like Heroku and a fully self-managed EC2 environment.